1.
12 sets of brushes, hair brushes each undergo disinfection,sterilization, skin allergy test 13 and other processes Seiko secret agents,
just in order to provide the most excellent make-up experience, 12 brushes just to let you brush natural look,to create smooth and detailed results, 
it is your good helper makeup, from large blush brush to lip, everything,whether novice or professional makeup artist can be a good fit for your needs.

2.
Ultra-hydrating buttery lip color
98% of women felt lips were instantly hydrated
12 shades expertly coordinated to your unique skintone

3.
2 lipsticks in 1 BlastFlipstick! Flip your look from day to night, soft to bright, with BlastFlipstick's two-sided lipstick duos. With a creamy shade on one side 
and a shimmer shade on the other, it's two wearable, blendable, lip colors in one!

4.
The clinically tested, extreme covering Make up Cover was created as the first of its kind in Europe and one of the first in the world. The license for this foundation was eventually sold to Hollywood. 
It contains 50% pigments, which makes it a weapon against skin imperfections. 

5.
Long lasting makeup Fixing for perfect finish look and silky smooth skin hour after hour

6.
The Ultimate Multitasker Conceals DarkSpots, Imperfections, Dark Circles and Evens Out Skin Tone For a Flawless Look
Flexible Coverage – Full To Maximum
Long Wearing, Water Resistant &Oil-Free

7.
Full Coverage, Dazzling Color 
Rich & Creamy Texture 
Lightweight, Smooth-Glide Application
Soft Shine Finish 

8.
Water Resistant Formula Glides on Smoothly 
High Control;Create Thin or Thick Line 
Sensational Color; Stays Put All Day 

9.
New & Improved Lash Thickening Formula
Fuller, Flirtier Lashes
Goes on Smoothly & Evenly
No Clumping

10.
Neons, Shimmers, Glitters & Cremes
Bold, Fashionable, Spectacular Color Range 
Contains Natural Pearl for Improved Application, Wearability & Luster 
Salon Formula 

11.
Each palette features a primer, 3 highly pigmented shadows, and a sparkle top coat. Use wet for more color intensity. 
Add sparkle top coat for a multi-dimensional, intensely shimmering effect. 

12.
It’s not mascara, it’s The Falsies® lash glam in a tube! Unique wand helps to lift and separate, delivering the look of more lashes