1.
An oriental floral fragrance for contemporary women Fresh, sweet, sensual, feminine & alluring Top notes of bergamot, mandarin, lychee & lily of the 
valley Heart notes of tuberose Base notes of caramel, vanilla, sandalwood & musk Launched in 2013 Perfect for all occasions.

2.
With its natural antibacterial properties, Fogg Body Spray is an exclusionary discovery in the field of fragrances that is aptly designed for younger generation.

3.
Intense and Sensual
Transparent, Aromatic and Woody in Nature
Aura of Marine Notes, Fruits, Herbs and Woods

4.
Giorgio Armani fragrances introduces Armani Code for woman in an incredibly sexy, erotic and mysterious creation the new Armani Code Femme Ultimate,
a scent that is the best pairing of sensuality and glamour. 

5.
Guilty is the new Gucci fragrance that will be available from September 2010. It is designed for the glamorous, daring, brave, and very sexy girls who like to party and enjoy themselves. 
The face of the advertising campaign is Evan Rachel Wood, singer and actress.

6.
Set your pulse racing with this perfume from the Signature range of Axe that is a perfect and divine blend of style and elegance. 
This perfume reveals the hidden charm of the contemporary man.

7.
Fine aromatic notes of absinthe and mint are spiked with spicy cardamom in the sparkling top note of this fragrance.
The blended heart of lavender, tonka beans and cedar maintains the freshness on the rich tenacious base notes of warm sandalwood and sweet vanilla.

8.
Brut Special Reserve by Brut Parfums Prestige is a Aromatic Fougere fragrance for men. Top notes are lemon, bergamot, 
anise and basil; middle notes are lavender, geranium, jasmine and ylang-ylang; base notes are sandalwood, oakmoss, vetiver, patchouli, tonka bean and vanilla.

9.
Baby Touch by Burberry is a Citrus Gourmand fragrance for women and men. Baby Touch was launched in 2002. 
The nose behind this fragrance is Michel Girard. Top notes are rhubarb, orange, mandarin orange, lemon verbena and mint; middle notes are cyclamen, 
orange blossom, lily-of-the-valley and jasmine; base notes are vanilla, moss and milk.

10.
Burberry Brit Eau de Toilette is a light interpretation of the timeless Burberry Brit fragrance from 2003. 
It opens with fresh notes of green almond, icy pear, lemon grass and Italian lime. The heart is composed of sugared almonds and lush peony, 
laid on the base of mahogany, amber and vanilla.

11.
This aromatic aquatic fragrance gives men energy and refreshment with its marine notes. Aqva Pour Homme starts with fresh aromas of petit grain and citruses. 
The heart of the fragrance features Posidonia Oceanica seaweed. The base is extremely masculine due to mineral amber and woody notes.

12.
The new eau de toilette that has been launched in 2007 is a tender echo of eau de parfum. The rose scent enjoys its renaissance in a form of fragrance for the young. 
Bvlgari Rose Essentielle EDToilette Rosee is aimed at young generation. It is joyful and translucent, with accentuated gourmand fruity nuance.


